# DAY 3 - January 16th, 2026.

### Types of Table
- **Transparent Table**
    [1:1 relation with a table in the database, with the same name, same number of fields and same name of the field.]

- **Pooled Table**
    [Many in R/3, one in Database. May/may not have primary key in common.]

- **Cluster Table**
    [Many in R/3, one in Database. Must have common primary key. Tables are all read usually at same time.]

### Restrictions on Pooled and Cluster Tables:
- Secondary indexes cannot be created.
- Distinct or Group by statements cannot be used.
- Native SQL cannot be used.
- Order by statements cannot be used, only order by primary key can be used.

**Delivery Class:** Controls the transport of table data for installation, upgrade, client copy and when trnaspoerting b/w customer systems.

**Data Class** - Which physical area of the database should the data be stored?  
**Size Category** - How many records will the table probably contain?  
**Buffering** - Should the records of the table be buffered?  
**Logging** - Should changes to the data records be logged?  

### Types of Buffering:
- **Full Buffering** []
- **Generic Buffering** []
- **Single-Record Buffering** []

> **Structure:** Used to define any uder defined types in ABAP Dictionary. Components of a structure can themselves be strucutred, that is they can obtain their data type from a strucutre or a table type.

### Different Types of Structures:
- Flat Structure.
- Nested Structure.
- Deep Structure.
- [Include Structure]
- [Append Structure]

`(Structures were also taught, didnt take notes due to health and half day taken.)`


