# DAY 4 - January 17th, 2026.
 
**Partially Active** - Activated once, added some new fields, then saved (didn't activate again). Thus, partially active, then new people will only see last active point. Whereas, original author will see the changes made, unless made active (for all to check).  

**Delivery Class** - Controls and says what happens to the data during transportation of data between different landscapes. [Based on client requirement (if requested for A, then use A.), majority of times A is used, sometimes C.]

**MANDT** - To make the table client dependent. If not done then other clients can access another clients table which doesnt have MANDT. So,  
CLIENT 100 (DEVELOPMENT); CLIENT 200 (TESTING) is separated.  
It is required basically for security. [Always the first field, primary and not null. It is pre-defined. If not made as the first field, then it wont be considered as a client dependent table.]

**Can be Enhancee (character-like or numeric)** - Only add character and numeric type fields.
**Can be Enhance (Deep)** - Always use for structured or nested. 

Search Help is also known as Help View.
In Elementary Search Help we have to use 1:1 position (pos) because in elementary only 1 search help can help with one field. Collection is multiple SH in one field (Allows you to match the multiple fields in SH in the table fields with each other).

---

### Views
- Virtual tables which can be filled at runtime onbly.
- They are also defined using one or multiple tables.

#### Views are of 4 types:
- **[Projection]:** Projecting or displaying specific fields (F1, F2, F3) from a table T1 (o/p: F1, F2).
- **[Database]:** Join output between 2 tables. (Not necessarily connected total, but a couple fields from each table, F1 and F2 from T1 and F8 from T2).
- **[Maintenance]:** Table maintanance generator itself.
- **[Help]:** Search View itself.

---

### Assignment:
#### Header Table

ZPURCHASE34 (ID for all fields, data elements and domains).
Needs a SH on Document Number, Company, Purchasing Document Category, Doc Type (In Header Table) - first 3 fields.

#### Item Table

Purchase Doc Number, Material Number (MATNR), Plant and Storage Locaiton - SH 

Fit data in these 2 tables.
Header Table needs 10 different purchase document number. (must be in sequence).
Item Table needs 3 different materials.

Funcitonal Specification Document - Tells you what exactly needs to be developed. (Tables are in a tabular document.)

Document Type should be E, S and A.
Plant will be in Maharashtra (MH), Uttar Pradesh (UP) and Andhra Pradesh (AP)
Storage Location will be in Mumbai, New Delhi, Chennai, Kolkata and Pune.
Materials: (Atleast 15 different materials).


Item Table:

<table style="text-align: center">
  <tr>
    <th><b>Purchase Doc</b></th>
    <th><b>Item</b></th>
    <th><b>Material</b></th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>1000001</td>
    <td>0001</td>
    <td>A</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>1000001</td>
    <td>0002</td>
    <td>B</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>1000001</td>
    <td>0003</td>
    <td>C</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>1000002</td>
    <td>0001</td>
    <td>D</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>1000002</td>
    <td>0002</td>
    <td>E</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>1000002</td>
    <td>0003</td>
    <td>F</td>
  </tr>
</table>

and so on...

ZASSIGN_34 (Package)

Purchase Requisition: Requirements needed ATP.